<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_752_231_71_T48_5018362128">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">752.231-71</ph> Salary supplements for HG employees.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p xtrc="XREF">Link to an amendment published at 89 FR 4209, Jan. 23, 2024.</p>
         <p xtrc="P">As prescribed in 731.205–71, for use in all contracts with a possible need or services of a HG employee. The clause should also be inserted in all subsequent sub-contracts.
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="HD1">Salary Supplements for HG Employees (MAR 2015)
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(a) Salary supplements are payments made that augment an employee's base salary or premiums, overtime, extra payments, incentive payment and allowances for which the HG employee would qualify under HG rules or practice for the performance of his/hers regular duties or work performed during his/hers regular office hours. Per diem, invitational travel, honoraria and payment for work carried out outside of normal working hours are not considered to be salary supplements.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(b) Salary supplements to HG Employees are not allowable without the written approval of the contracting officer.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(c) The Contractor must insert a clause containing all the terms of this clause, including the requirement to obtain the written approval of the contracting officer for all salary supplements, in all subcontracts under this contract that may entail HG employee salary supplements. </p>
                              </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
