<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_731_205-43_T48_501524212">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">731.205-43</ph> Trade, business, technical and professional activity costs—USAID conference approval requirements.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) <i>Definitions.</i> As used in this section—
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Conference</i> means a seminar, meeting, retreat, symposium, workshop, training activity or other such event that is funded in whole or in part by USAID.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Net conference expense</i> means the total conference expenses excluding: any fees or revenue received by the Agency through the conference, costs to ensure the safety of attending governmental officials, and salary of USAID employees and USAID personal services contractors.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Personal Services Contractor (PSC)</i> means any individual who is awarded a personal services contract in accordance with AIDAR appendix D or J of this chapter.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Temporary duty (TDY) travel</i> means official travel at least fifty (50) miles from both the traveler's home and duty station for a period exceeding twelve (12) hours.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>USAID employee</i> means a USAID direct-hire employee or a direct-hire Federal employee from another U.S. government agency detailed to USAID.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) <i>Prior approval.</i> USAID policy requires contractors to obtain contracting officer approval of the following, unless an exception in paragraph (c) of the clause at 752.231-72 applies:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) A conference funded in whole, or in part, by USAID when ten (10) or more USAID employees or personal services contractors are required to travel on temporary duty status to attend the conference; or
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) A conference funded in whole, or in part, by USAID when the net conference expense funded by USAID is expected to exceed $100,000, regardless of the number of USAID employees or USAID personal services contractors who will participate in the conference.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) <i>Allowability of cost.</i> Costs associated with a conference that meets the criteria above, incurred without USAID prior written approval, are unallowable.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) <i>Solicitation provision and contract clause.</i> Contracting officers must insert the clause at 752.231-72 in all USAID-funded solicitations and contracts anticipated to include a requirement for a USAID-funded conference.
</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
