<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_731_371_T48_501524312">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">731.371</ph> Compensation for personal services.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) <i>General.</i> When establishing the workweek for employees overseas the contractor will take local and USAID Mission practice into account and will ensure that the workweek is compatible with that of those USAID Mission and Cooperating Country employees with whom the contractor will be working.
</p>
         <p props="Runin" outputclass="List1">(b) <i>Salaries and wages.</i> 
				     </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			The policies set forth in (48 CFR) AIDAR 731.205-6(b) are also applicable to contracts with a nonprofit organization. 
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) In considering consulting income as a factor when determining allowable salary for service under a contract:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) For faculty members working under annual appointments, salary for service under the contract may include the employee's on-campus salary plus “consulting income” (that is, income from employment other than the employee's regular on-campus appointment, excluding business or other activities not connected with the employee's profession) earned during the year preceding employment under the contract.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) For faculty members working under academic year appointments, salary for service under the contract may include the employee's on-campus academic year salary plus “consulting income” as defined above earned during the year proceeding employment under the contract, or salary for service under the contract may be derived by annualizing the academic year salary (in which case “consulting income” may not be included).
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) USAID policies and compensation of third country national or cooperating country national employees are set forth in (48 CFR) AIDAR 722.170.
</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
